docs: multiple categories are allowed in the userstyles.yml (#578)
catppuccin/userstyles: docs/userstyle-creation.md

   ```yaml
   <port>:
     name: <name>

>      categories: [ <category> ] # Up to 3 categories are allowed

Reviewer: We should mention that the first one is regarded as the "primary" category.

   ```yaml
   <port>:
     name: <name>

>      # Up to 3 categories are allowed, where the left most category is the primary category.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     # Up to 3 categories are allowed. Keep in mind that the first category is considered the "primary" category.
```

Author: I went with left most, since first is could be diffrent depending on what is your primary language, i.e. Arabic reading right to left, as to avoid confusion.

   ```yaml
   <port>:
     name: <name>

>      categories: [ <category 1>, <category 2> ]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     categories: [ <category-a>, <category-b> ]
```
